Blog for TF migration offer (#3035)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/tf-migration-offer/index.md

---

> title: "Terraform Migration Offer"

Reviewer: Let's come up with a more exciting title. Even just saying "Announcing the ..." would spruce it up a bit.

date: 2023-06-12T20:05:11Z
meta_desc: The Terraform Migration Offer provides Terraform workspace migrations as part of Pulumi Enterprise and Business Critical onboarding. 
meta_image: meta.png
authors:

>     - joe-duffy

Reviewer: I didn't expect this to be me!

>     - joe-duffy

Author: ```suggestion
    - aaron-kao
```

tags:
    - terraform
    - migration
---

> Many of our users come to Pulumi from existing infrastructure as code (IaC) tools like Terraform. They choose Pulumi because of the increased developer productivity and ability to harness the complexity of the cloud when using real programming languages. However, migrating existing IaC projects to Pulumi can come with a lot of challenges and time. Today, we announced converting full Terraform projects to Pulumi directly within the Pulumi CLI. Previously, the tf2pulumi tool could convert just snippets of Terraform to Pulumi. With the release, you can now convert the vast majority of complete Terraform projects. See Justin Van Patten’s [blog post](/blog/converting-full-terraform-programs-to-pulumi) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many of our users come to Pulumi from existing infrastructure as code (IaC) tools like Terraform. They choose Pulumi because of the increased developer productivity and ability to harness the complexity of the cloud when using real programming languages. However, migrating existing IaC projects to Pulumi can come with a lot of challenges and time. Today, we announced converting full Terraform projects to Pulumi directly within the Pulumi CLI. Previously, the `tf2pulumi` tool could convert just snippets of Terraform to Pulumi. With the release, you can now convert the vast majority of complete Terraform projects. See Justin Van Patten’s [blog post](/blog/converting-full-terraform-programs-to-pulumi) for more details.
```

> Many of our users come to Pulumi from existing infrastructure as code (IaC) tools like Terraform. They choose Pulumi because of the increased developer productivity and ability to harness the complexity of the cloud when using real programming languages. However, migrating existing IaC projects to Pulumi can come with a lot of challenges and time. Today, we announced converting full Terraform projects to Pulumi directly within the Pulumi CLI. Previously, the `tf2pulumi` tool could convert just snippets of Terraform to Pulumi. With the release, you can now convert the vast majority of complete Terraform projects. See Justin Van Patten’s [blog post](/blog/converting-full-terraform-programs-to-pulumi) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of our users come to Pulumi from existing infrastructure as code (IaC) tools like Terraform. They choose Pulumi because of the increased productivity and ability to tame the complexity of the cloud thanks to the choice of any programming language. However, migrating existing IaC projects to Pulumi can come with challenges and time. Today, [we announced](/blog/converting-full-terraform-programs-to-pulumi) the ability to convert entire Terraform projects and modules to Pulumi directly from the Pulumi CLI. This can make migrations more seamless. That said, many enterprises we work with have a lot of code to convert and not much time in which to do it. Today we are excited to announce a new Terraform Migration Offer, which includes migration services from our expert customer engineers, bundled as part of Pulumi Enterprise and Business Critical Editions.
```

Remember, the opening paragraph becomes the preview text - we want to include the "news" in it. I realize this means the next paragraph has to change a bit.

> However, what if you and your organization have a lot of Terraform workspaces across many different projects to migrate? Accompanying the new Terraform conversion tooling, we are announcing the Terraform Migration Offer. As part of Pulumi Enterprise and Business Critical, we are including 10 and 25 Terraform workspace migrations, respectively, as part of the onboarding process. We will migrate all your Terraform HCL code to your favorite language and migrate the Terraform state. Additional workspace migrations can be purchased at an added cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of Pulumi Enterprise and Business Critical, we are including 10 and 30 Terraform workspace migrations, respectively, as part of the onboarding process. We will migrate all your Terraform HCL code to your favorite language and migrate the Terraform state. Additional workspace migrations can be purchased at an added cost.
```

> The Terraform Migration Offer makes it easy to get onto Pulumi without becoming experts in migrating code and state. Signup below to take advantage of the offer today

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Terraform Migration Offer makes it easy to get onto Pulumi without becoming experts in migrating code and state. Sign up below to take advantage of the offer today!
```

> The Terraform Migration Offer makes it easy to get onto Pulumi without becoming experts in migrating code and state. Sign up below to take advantage of the offer today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform Migration Offer makes it easy to get onto Pulumi without becoming experts in migrating code and state. Contact us to take advantage of the offer today!
```
